The Dilemma   (Working Title)
 
The Dilemma is a trivia game played between two players at a time. A question is presented to both players at which point each player has ten seconds to choose one of multiple choices as their answer. In addition to choosing an answer each player chooses whether they would like to hide, share, or lie about their answer to the other player. If a player chooses to share or lie about their answer then the other player will be given a chance to decide whether they want to stick with their original answer or switch to the answer given to them by the other player. To help each player decide what to do with their answers they are given the strengths, weaknesses, and overall reputation of the other player.

Strengths and weaknesses are categories of questions in which the player does their best or worse in based upon past performance. The reputation assigned to each player is based off of their history of hiding, sharing, or lying about their answers.
 
 Points are awarded to a player based upon the correctness of their answer, the correctness of the other player's answer, and the action they chose (Hide/Share/Lie). If a player chooses to hide or lie about their answer, and answer correctly, they receive more points than they would have sharing their answer, and earn even more points if the other player chooses an incorrect answer (incentive to lie to throw off the other player). Although lying and hiding an answer is potentially more rewarding, it comes with a negative point penalty if the question is answered incorrectly (incentive to be cooperative).
